[Mother] The seed falls
and with time,
is carried far from
the tree that bore it.
Yet the seed longs
to return...
for the tree...
is filled with memories.
- Ma!
- Fong, save yourself!
No way! You need
my protection!
[Mother]
Memories that are joyful
and memories
that are filled with pain.
Ooh, ow. It hurts.
It would have been worse
if I hadn't shielded you.
Please, Dad, no!
I'm coming home! Yeah!
- Aah! Look out!
- Hey, you look great!
Aah!
[Mother]
He longs to return...
no matter
how great the distance...
or how barren
the terrain...
because the memory is so strong
and lasting and clear.
Its images are glimpsed
through time's pallid veil...
like an apparition.
Come on, come on!
Coming unbidden,
a shadow--
Wait a minute. Unh!
A shadow,
a whispering wind,
calling his name.
[Ting Ting] Sai Yuk!
Ha ha! Hyah!
[Horse Neighs]
[Parade Music]
[Chan] Our people have
been looking forward
to this celebration.
Ha ha ha! Yes, good.
[Cheering]
It pleases me to see them
enjoying themselves.
Ahh. Sai Yuk.
Do you know how lucky
we both are?
This is the way
it should be.
[Waiter] Go away!
We don't allow begging here!
- No! Go away!
- Sir, it's for the poor.
- Don't you understand--
- I told you there's no begging here.
Now go away.
Hey! Can't you--
Hey, he's with me.
- Bless you, my son.
- Sorry. I didn't know.
Aie!
Only a minute ago
you threw him out.
- Shall we?
- Fine.
Ow. My knees.
What hit me?
Reverend, there's plenty
to eat, so go on.
Ah, bless you.
Allow me the great honour
of reading
your fortune tonight.
I foresee that you will lead
an extraordinary life.
- Me?
- That's nothing.
He already has
an extraordinary wife.
Yes, I'm sure.
You will bring him
happiness.
I foresee that you
will have one boy child
and one girl.
- Isn't that wonderful?
- No more?
I predict a minimum
of two girls and two boys
for you, sir.
That's great!
Wait, sir, do you mean
that I'll--
Yes, you comprehend.
- But, uh...
- Mmm!
Wait! Ting Ting!
Reverend, help yourself.
I've got to go.
Ting Ting! Wait!
Wait! I'm not finished!
Don't go away!
I'm afraid my godson
is always in such a big hurry.
Sir, you beware.
Your face is clouded
with evil.
You're mistaken.
No. It seems clear to me.
Your palm.
[Chuckles]
All right. Go on.
Emperor!
Good sir, why are you
calling me emperor?
Because I saw it.
The markings on
your hand are those
that only one of
the royal line would have.
[Woman] My son, it is no longer
safe for you here.
You will go to Japan
to live under
the protection of Mr. Yun,
leader of
the Red Flower Society.
Your new name
will be Chan Ka Lok.
Inside of this sacred box
are documents which prove
your true birthright.
One day, when it is safe,
I hope that you will be able
to return to the throne.
[Shouting]
Ahem.
Yes.
You should be cautious
about what
you tell people.
I'm telling you
what I saw.
Nothing more.
I'm...I'm sensing a man
who is close to you
will betray you...
yet another person close
will be there to protect you.
Perhaps save your life.
Sai Yuk, when do
we get to be alone?
I thought
we were married.
Doesn't seem
that way now.
Don't be silly.
I love you.
Oh. Then maybe you can
show your feelings.
[Whispering]
Wait, you mean make
an ass of myself?
They'd laugh
at me.
They might laugh...
but I need to
hear it from you
once in awhile.
Hmm. All right then.
If it's a problem,
well, I'm sorry.
Lay down here with me.
All right, then.
Good. But don't
make it sound wrong.
Hmm. All right.
I love you. Good?
Let's try it again.
Can you say it?
- All right. I love you.
- Oh.
What?
Beat it right now.
What he said
was pretty nice.
I'd like to have
such a good boy.
You're crazy!
Hey, how about it?
Sai Yuk, did you
hear what he said?
Knock him out!
But why?
Because of what he said.
Let's beat him up right now.
- Mmm!
- Don't try it.
I'll do it!
Think so?
Hey, stop it now!
Come on!
[Both] Hey!
Your dad's calling you!
See that?
Your father wants you.
Go on.
There.
I'll come back again.
You'll see.
See you then.
- Let's go.
- [Shouting]
Go!
They're good.
[Clapping]
[Chan]
Watch out! Reverend!
Aah!
Someone, please!
What happened?
I'll go see!
[Yelling]
All right.
Shall we do it?
[Yelling]
I'm just waiting.
Aah!
Hold it!
It could be a trap!
Save your strength.
[Man] The meeting of
the Red Flower Society
will come to order.
Congratulations.
You men and women
have done well.
Now let's hear from
some of our members.
Who has a report?
[Man] Mr. Chan, sir!
Our new fishing rights
agreement
will take effect
at the start of the month.
[Clapping]
[Man 2] The brood mares
have given birth
to three more colts!
Ahh, it seems like
it's all good news, right?
The society is doing
tremendously right now.
The value of our property
in Shanghai
has increased three times!
[Clapping]
[Man] Sir,
all the good news
calls for
a celebration!
[Chan] I'm afraid not.
Some of our neighbours
have been victims
of the recent flooding.
We will loan them
some money.
Wow. I could do
all that, right?
No, you couldn't.
It'd be too much for you.
What? Come on.
I'm up to it.
Mr. Chan, will you honour us
by naming our baby?
Yes, of course.
Thank you, sir.
He's a handsome boy.
Why don't we name him
Sung Taian?
I hope that he will give you
a lot of pleasure.
Unh!
Don't kill her!
She tried
to kill you, sir.
I had to do it.
Why would Mrs. Leong--
Look...
it's someone in a mask.
Who could this be?
Say, that woman
was with you.
What happened
to Mrs. Leong?
Hey, what are you
babbling about?
Why don't we ask him some
questions about the woman?
Sure. Who's behind it?
He's jealous because his father
didn't appoint him to lead us!
Aren't you, Mr. Yun?
And so you've become obsessed
with murdering our leader!
- That's a complete lie!
- Prove it! You're a traitor, too!
- [Crying]
- Stop that!
How can we expect to overthrow
the Manchus when we fight each other?
We must stand united!
He can forget it.
Well, what happens if
we don't come together?
What? What difference
would it make?
The only good philosophy
would be to stay neutral.
Oh, stay out of trouble,
is that what you're saying?
Exactly.
You said it. You said it.
For those of you
who question my loyalty
to the Red Flower Society,
I will prove myself.
Hey...
So I see
you were fighting.
Your father
was a loyal subject,
and his son could not be
any less honourable.
I promise that I will
search out this traitor scum
and I will kill him!
Father, what happened
with her now?
- My son, go away.
- Hold on!
Son, you've seen
this woman?
Yes, sir. Dad was
talking with her
before the meeting
started.
Well,
there you have it.
You shut your face!
What are you doing?
What's wrong with you?
- He's your own son!
- Who are you?
Who am I?
Aw, are you saying
that you don't know me?
Well, I am our leader's
favourite relative...
known as Fong Sai Yuk!
Do you know who I am?
Oh, yeah.
The boy beater.
Unh!
Down!
What are you doing?
Do you know who
Mr. Yun's father is?
He's our former leader!
Sir. But the little boy was--
That will be enough!
Mr. Dong!
Uh, why are you looking
at me like that?
Give Fong Sai Yuk
some of your knowledge.
Teach him
our commandments.
- With pleasure!
- Good.
See that he learns well.
[Dong] The commandments of
the Red Flower Society.
One. You will not steal
another person's property.
Two. You will not covet
the property of another.
Three. You will not covet
the wife of another man.
Four. You will
always be truthful.
Five. Honour our leader
in every way.
Hey, are you getting it?
I'll start again.
It's more like
the seven Taoist commands.
Yeah, that's just
where he got it from,
and Mr. Yun has
adapted it for us.
Huh. I thought so.
[Yun] I see
you're a slow learner.
Today you insulted me...
and I'm not
about to forget it.
It's time you learned
a more important lesson
from one
who is your superior.
Who? The one who
hits boys?
I'd like to
see you handle
someone
that hits back.
How should
we settle this?
Maybe your godfather
could come to your rescue.
No! The book
of commandments
says to settle this
a different way.
Fighting.
Are you ready to fight?
Uh-oh.
[Yun growls]
Enough!
Fighting is not
for settling disputes
within the society.
We are a family!
You should save it
for the Manchus!
I'm sorry.
When someone insults
the Yun name...
I will fight.
Be prepared
to do it again.
The commandments
that you learned,
did you understand them?
Uncle, it wasn't me!
That's enough!
Kneel!
- Your reason?
- The boy! His own child!
No one should hurt
a baby like that.
You are sure
in your convictions.
It's your actions
I'm concerned with
right now.
But am I supposed
to just ignore it?
Perhaps... yes.
When it's necessary.
You think too much
like your mother.
Maybe you should
go home to her.
So keep reading.
I know he wants you
to learn it.
Anyway,
this part's the hardest.
Here.
You know what?
He didn't have to do that.
Maybe we ought to go and
visit with your mother.
What?
Well, why wouldn't we?
I'll tell you all
one thing--
one of these days...
I'll do it. Really.
I'll be... the leader!
Hey, come on!
Come on!
Yeah.
Soup. Soup always
has to be made
with only
the best vegetables.
Madam, someone's here
to see you.
What's this,
a birthday party?
Tell me, where's Sai Yuk?
Why?
From the Yangtze
to the Kowloon Harbour,
I've fought them all
and they call me
the Duke of Hell!
Duke of Hell?
I'll show you some hell.
Pbblt!
Fong Sai Yuk's mother.
Now, get the hell
out of my sight.
Where's she going?
Hey, stop her.
There's just one more thing
I've got to say.
- Yeah?
- Watch this. Bite me!
[Yelling]
Well, how'd you
like that one?
Madam Fong,
that was a real good one.
Oh, my soup.
Oh, my.
Is that for
Master Fong Sai Yuk?
You bet it is.
See you later.
I miss my master so!
Sai Yuk!
My good sir, I wonder if
you might be able to help me.
I'm all out of water.
Ahh.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
"On the first of the month,
a band of Japanese samurai
will travel nearby.
They will have
the sacred box
in which your secret
is hidden."
Mr. Lin!
Yes, sir!
[Chan] Mr. Wong!
Here, sir!
[Dong] I hope he doesn't
want me to go.
- Mr. Dong.
- I don't think I'm ready yet.
Take someone on the mission
who is more prepared.
Calm down.
Better to name a good fighter
to go on this mission.
That won't be you.
Who would be
your choice?
Ha ha!
I say we take Sai Yuk
because he's always ready.
That's what I think anyway.
Fong Sai Yuk!
Yo! Yes, sir!
[Dong] Go, Sai Yuk!
The mission is yours.
Do you accept it?
I do!
Some of you
may not come back.
[All] Huh! All of us
are prepared to die!
[Chan] Bring back
the sacred box!
The numbers four and nine.
Four and nine?
[Laughs]
[Laughing]
What is so damn funny?
Well,
they were laughing.
Because you've got
the loser's hand.
- In mahjong?
- Roulette.
I don't play it.
Wait, wait, wait a minute. Remember now?
Oh, yeah. Number six,
I shall not steal.
Besides that.
You shall bring my girlfriend something.
I won't forget.
Bye. Good luck.
Hyah!
[Ting Ting] Sai Yuk!
Hold on. Let's be certain
that you're safe.
Take this. It's good luck.
Yeah, you're right.
We can't just
sit here all day.
We're on a mission.
Why are we waiting, then?
Good-bye.
Stay safe, all right?
Bye-bye!
Hyah! Hyah!
Ah, hello!
It's Mama Fong!
Lei Ling!
What brings you
here today?
Go on. Go on.
- My stable.
- [Man] Yes, miss.
So, what's the occasion?
I brought soup
for Sai Yuk.
He's on a mission!
Right now? But I made
some soup for him.
I can't believe you brought
his favourite soup all this way.
Mmm. Looks good.
What's the matter?
[Sai Yuk]
Quiet! Hear that?
It's the samurai!
[Man] That woman's
in trouble.
Wait. I've seen
that woman before.
Hey, there, miss!
What are you doing?
Get away!
Hello, Sai.
You know me?
[Man] The sacred box!
[Yelling]
They used nerve blocking
to paralyse you,
but I can undo it.
Hey! I'm still paralysed
from the waist down!
Oh.
I'm sorry.
Go on.
I'm not sure how.
I'll carry you.
Come on.
Oh!
[Samurai] Get them!
Go!
[gasps]
Yaah!
[Samurai] I'm going
to paralyse you!
Get them!
Matsuhiro!
Matsuhiro?
It's your mother.
Ma! The box,
right there.
We need it.
Yes, sir.
Still here?
Still here!
I'll take that box now.
All my nerves
are blocked.
Can she do
anything?
Hmm? Oh, no.
No?
I wouldn't know how.
Oh, come on.
Hey, he'll do.
[Buzzing]
Ai!
Now, try to get it
into a good position.
Look out. Now blow it
at me hard.
I keep missing.
You do it.
Your technique needs work.
It's too high.
[Gulp]
It's so--
I missed, huh?
Sorry. Is it bad?
Ugh. Tastes like
you'd expect it to taste.
Hey, watch. It's going
to get interesting.
Ohh!
That did it. Let's go.
- What are you looking at?
- Me?
Yeah, you.
Wait. There's something
you can show me.
All right, I'd be happy to.
What is it?
Well, how do you
unparalyse the legs?
Just hit him
in the stomach.
Oh.
[Yun] That Fong Sai Yuck!
It's Fong Sai Yuk.
Listen, son,
let me do the talking. Me.
But, Mum, you can't.
There he goes!
Following his mother
around again!
[Laughter]
I know.
Always her little dog.
He follows her.
If you have something to say,
then say it out loud,
or keep your mouth shut.
Look at you all
sitting here,
stuffing your faces while
my son is out risking his neck
for the Red Flower Society.
If any of you had an ounce of bravery,
instead of sitting here,
you'd be out doing
something about it.
But all I see
are six or seven men
who, I must say, haven't
shown me a damn thing!
Shut up!
On this mission,
why was it only your son
who returned unharmed?
What of it?
Does your mother
fight your battles?
So!
Simple...
he fights better
than most of them.
Understand?
You want me?
Let's do it, then.
Only remember
who started it.
You don't have to fight
this fool for me.
For once shut your mouth!
I'm sick of it!
Mr. Yun...
I'll take care of it.
- Uh-huh.
- Mr. Chan,
if I might possibly have
a word with you?
I'm Mrs. Fong.
Yes. You're
Sai Yuk's mum.
That's it?
The boy's mum?
Mr. Chan, all of Han Mei
knows my reputation.
Don't tell me
you don't know me.
About all the fights
that I've won?
Please tell me
you know me.
You must be joking.
Can't be.
Son, let's get out
of this house.
I'm being toyed with.
Good day.
We have a duty
to the Red Flower.
Stay here then.
I'll go.
Hmm?
I think I've changed
my mind.
If you happen to be
looking for me,
I'll be here.
[Thunder rumbling]
It's pouring.
You shouldn't be out.
I have come to visit.
Ohh!
Aah!
[Groaning]
I've brought some presents.
A few trinkets...
and some Japanese sakémoto.
Stronger than wine.
Let me help.
No, wait, no, wait. I'm not sure
I'm up to it.
I haven't seen this before.
Oh, well,
guess it's all mine.
But it's immoral!
Listen to what I'm saying!
You--you can't
drink that in here!
What will people say?
Please!
I'm begging--Aah!
That's right.
You'd better help me...
or I might get drunk.
But it's sakémoto!
We'll both end up drunk
and you don't want--
Ohh!
These fingers are very, very, very, very,
very, very, very eager.
[Giggling]
Don't tell me
you're shy.
You're afraid
it will...
go too far?
[Giggles]
What have I done
to deserve this?!
I thought
I'd seen the last of her
so many years ago!
Wait! Wait!
Where are you going?
War zone.
You mustn't try
to stop me.
Take this.
No.
Anything but that.
You know how much
you love my soup.
Here.
I can't or I'll
never go to war.
There isn't anyone
around to see us.
Perhaps if we shared
it once more?
No! Why do you tempt me
when you know I must go?
There!
[Pot Breaks]
Damn fool!
There's something
about sake.
The more you drink...
the more you want.
All right, then. You have
to do something for me.
- Huh?
- You...
Just a minute now.
I'm not interested
in prostituting myself.
I'm sure I'll survive
without that.
Listen, I want you to teach me
the fatal nerve block.
Shh.
Shh. Shh.
But that's
a secret move.
It won't be
imparted now.
Maybe you should
hear me out.
Fong Sai Yuk is the one
who needs to learn it.
I want you
to show it to him.
What for?
I mean, why?
Why do you think?
So the rest of them
who know it
won't be able to take advantage
of him so much anymore.
[Snoring]
Ooh!
[Rooster Crows]
[Grunting]
Hey!
Keep quiet about it.
Oh, shut up.
Ever try good manners?
Old bat.
Good morning.
Lei Ling. Did you
sleep all right?
What are you
wearing?
I was
practising.
Hey, I have a question.
If a married woman
were to, um, to...
s-sleep with someone,
a person to whom
she wasn't married,
but the two of them
were doing it,
doing it,
well, you know.
You know what
they were doing.
Do you think
there's anything wrong?
Mum, what?
Something so low?
There's not even a good word
for what she's doing.
I mean, I just think
sleeping around like that
can't be forgiven.
I mean,
what kind of woman
would carry on
like that?
You know very well
that it's wrong.
Now, what kind of woman
could this person be,
sleeping with a man
she isn't married to?
What was she thinking?
The whole town should--
they should just destroy
this little whore
as an example
so it won't
happen again.
So, now that
we've settled that,
do you want to go
to the market today?
Lei Ling?
Hey!
What are you doing?
I'm all naked!
You should have kept
your clothes on last night.
This is what you did!
[Gasps]
She's pregnant!
Wait!
It's not possible!
Damn it! Get out
of there right now!
Let me show you what I do to
guys who take advantage of me
while I'm sleeping,
you lousy little pig!
- I oughta cut you a new--
- Hey, put that thing away!
Not until I'm finished!
I'll make you pay for this!
Aah!
Listen, think about it!
Even if something happened,
it's not possible for you
to get that big so soon!
Sure,
that's what you say.
It's got to be
something else.
There's no way
something like that
can happen overnight!
I've heard the same story
a lot of times before!
You set me up to have
your way with me!
No, listen, it's got
to be something else!
Like what?
I can tell you what it is
by taking your pulse!
Is it a boy or a girl?
Gas!
When you're drunk,
you get gas!
Ohh!
[Mandarin] The samurai
have brought me the box...
so I want all of you
to guard it well.
Yes, sir!
[Humming]
[laughs]
Sho Soo Li.
Sho Soo Li!
Yes, Father.
What are you
daydreaming about?
A boy.
[Mandarin]
Well, that's enough.
We failed in our attempt
this time.
Now the leader's ready.
Fong is a problem.
But we can still do it.
Sir, but now
we're under suspicion.
So what?
If we're under suspicion,
I have information
that there's a secret
about Mr. Chan
in the container
that the samurai brought
to the mandarin.
We'll get it.
[Chan] I'm concerned
that someone may
try to steal
the sacred box.
If that should happen,
then I'm afraid
my chances of ruling
will be gone.
Master, the mandarin's daughter
seems to be fond
of Sai Yuk.
Why not send him
after it?
I don't think so.
It's too dangerous
for him.
But, sir,
please think about it.
The mandarin's daughter
would know
exactly where her father's
secrets are kept.
Don't you agree
with that?
You see, sir,
I've composed a letter.
[Sai Yuk]
Are you here, Godfather?
Sai Yuk, what is it?
My mother made some soup.
[Chan] I have another
assignment for you.
- Yes?
- Listen, the box was located.
Good, then.
That shows that
anything can be done.
Precisely.
Except
it isn't finished.
Right.
What's the mission?
Here.
Take a look.
This is a love letter
from me.
Uh, yes.
This is just how you begin
your assignment--
Talking to a woman
and thereby establishing
some kind of way
to win her trust,
so she'll help us.
Understand?
But, wait. No, no, no.
No, no, no.
But what--what if my wife
finds out about it?
Hey, now, don't you
worry about it.
I mean, who's going
to tell her?
I suppose.
But should I pretend
that I'm in love?
It's up to you.
I just want you
to get close to her.
And have sex with her?
No sex.
You get my box.
You're going
to the Mandarin Palace.
That's where
you'll meet her.
Is this girl someone
that I've seen yet?
Yes.
You will recognise her
when you see her face.
I hope she won't want
to get married.
- That would be a disaster.
- [Yun] Mr. Chan,
what about me, sir?
I'll volunteer to go.
Yeah.
He could take my place.
But you're not
a ladies' man. Ow!
Listen!
He failed on
the previous mission.
Now it's my turn to try.
But your father worked
against the mandarin.
They wouldn't let you in
without a fight.
Sai Yuk isn't known
to them at all.
Yes...
and she really likes him.
We'll see.
I just might succeed.
You betting on it?
Certainly. Why don't
we set a wager?
What is your bet?
If I lose,
I'll find a way
to destroy my kung fu.
All right, then.
Don't be worried.
[Soo Li] "A chance meeting
along the riverbank
and now I have
only fate to thank.
I long for a word, a glance, a look.
I remain your servant,
Fong Sai Yuk."
Oh, how wonderful!
[laughs]
[gasps]
Dad.
A young man
wants to court me.
I know that
you'll like him.
So, who is
this young man?
Is he a scoundrel?
No. He's not.
Well, then, if he wants
to court you,
he'll have to
prove himself.
Well, that's perfect.
Mum, shouldn't I tell
Ting Ting?
No. There she is.
Hold this.
Wait.
I don't want it.
You hold it.
All right.
Listen.
Yeah?
What should I do?
You should just
kiss her, that's what.
Don't play shy.
You'll see what
I'm talking about.
Just go right over there
and give her one.
- Right here?
- There she is.
Okay, then.
Let's get to it, hmm?
You've come to me
at long last.
- But we, uh--
- Are you scared?
Ma?
I'll fix that.
Come on.
Don't be afraid.
You should've
kissed him.
Hmmph!
She wants you
all the more.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
You don't want to let
her get away now.
Better go.
All right. Unh!
Ooh!
That was easy.
Oh!
Mmm.
What are you doing?
Go after her.
What?
You mean...
You kissed
one of the Buddhist nuns?
Hey, it could be the first
kiss that she ever got.
- Now come on.
- Okay.
She might ask you
for more.
Ahh! Ahh!
I must've
scared her away.
Maybe she doesn't
want me.
- Oh, stop it.
- Stop what?
[Soo Li] Sai Yuk,
do you want to
marry me or not?
Sure, I do, but there's
one condition.
Well, what is it?
That box you have.
All right.
I can get it somehow,
but you'll also have
to prove yourself
in a competition
you'll win,
and you'll also
declare your love.
- Deal.
- Bet on it.
The competition
will soon start.
The winner
will marry Sho Soo Li.
The rules are simple,
so now listen.
Whichever man
retrieves the flowered ball
from the top
of the bridal sedan,
I shall proclaim
the winner,
and then he will also wed
my daughter.
The true competition
will now begin.
[Playing fanfare]
[Crowd] Ohh.
Ooh, what
arresting beauty.
[Soo Li] Where is he?
She'll make
a fine bride.
Too bad.
Too bad
she'll be mine.
I'll win.
She'll be
my wife
once I'm
finished.
Sorry, my friends,
I'm going to win.
Contestants, get ready.
[Men grunt]
And start!
[Yelling]
Kick them!
[Men Yelling]
Mmm!
I told you we'd be late
carrying this flagpole.
Don't worry. These guys
can't keep us out.
[Both] What do you want?
- The girl.
- The kung fu contest.
- He's too late.
- Am I?
Hmm.
Ohh! Aah!
[Laughter]
Aha! Oh!
Ooh.
[Man] Hey!
Hello.
- Huh?
- Hey, there.
Aah!
[Crowd] Ohh!
Yeah.
About time
you made it.
I'm sorry.
Have you been waiting?
So long.
Bored yet?
Hey, don't get thrown off.
Well, men,
have a nice ride down.
Are you ready?
I was hoping you were
going to ask me that.
All right.
[All] Aah!
Good, huh?
Wow.
Just amazing. Huh?
I know.
You want me to jump.
Hai!
- Whoo.
- Let's go.
Thanks.
What? Huh?
- Hmm?
- What's the matter?
Can't you look me in the eye?
Ahh. Ready?
Hey, wait.
I'm shocked.
Wait a minute.
Come on.
Let me explain.
Have you gone crazy?
Didn't you think
I'd find out about this?
- Well, yes, but there's more to this...
- I don't want to hear it.
...than there seems
to be right now.
- I'm not going to listen.
- If you'd listen--
I'm not!
That might've hurt.
How about this?
[Crowd] Oh!
Come on, settle down.
I'm not done.
Be sensible.
I will not.
Why is she bothering us?
Uh--
I'll tell you why.
I'm his wife.
Don't believe it.
Oh, two can play at that.
All right.
Wait!
Creep!
There must be
a better way.
[Straining]
Let me at them.
[Ting Ting] Ohh!
Ma.
You asked for it.
Will you help me
break this up?
- Who should I take?
- That one.
- Li, come on.
- Ting Ting.
- Please, stop fighting.
- Come on now.
Listen, he's doing--
he doesn't love her.
Well, I don't care.
Someone should've mentioned
something to me.
Hey, you wouldn't have
wanted him to do it.
- Come on now, Li.
- Let me go.
Let me go. I'll make you
into a slave.
Let me see you
try it.
Come on now.
Please, please.
Let me go!
Hey, take it easy.
The minute he realises
what kind of woman you are,
he'll drop her
like an old habit.
- Whoa now!
- Why?
Well, it was
for Mr. Chan.
All right. If you don't
care about her,
- then go slap her.
- I will.
Stop.
You want that box?
Huh?
All right.
then I'll do it.
Wait.
Don't do it.
[gasps]
You keep your hands
away from Sai Yuk.
He loves me,
not you.
Just ask him
if you don't believe me.
Unless you're afraid to.
Hmm?
Why won't you
look at me?
- But--
- So, I'll jump, then.
[Gasps]
Come back!
[Crowd Yelling]
Stop it. Why won't you
let me fall?
[Strains] I won't.
You're my wife.
I'm supposed to be
your only wife.
Sai Yuk, save me!
What?
[Soo Li] So strong.
Just like you are
in bed.
Hmm. Ha ha!
You took her to bed?
All right. Let me loose,
and I'll fall, okay?
What are you doing?
She's making it up.
Let me go!
Son, ready to catch
an old lady, huh?
Aah!
Wait!
Both hands are full!
Someone else
catch me! Ohh!
Lei Ling!
[Crowd] Ohh.
Oh, boy. Uhh!
You better start running.
[Crowd Yelling]
[Mother] Ohh.
Listen to me.
Try to understand.
Sai Yuk didn't want
to do it.
Will you forgive us?
Liars.
[Mother] I know
it wasn't fair to you.
Please, please
forgive him. Please.
[Sighs]
Fong, I hope...
you two will have a
long and happy life
together
as husband and wife.
Hey!
Lei Ling.
It's time for me
to go.
You understand,
don't you, dear?
All rise and greet
my new son-in-law.
My love.
Hmm.
I want more.
All right!
I love you,
Sho Soo Li!
The outside world
seems still and distant
to the wedded couple.
Happiness holds them
in its tender embrace
and finds only...
sweetness and laughter
as companions.
Ahh.
As they embark
on their new life
together...
Whoops. Huh?
Nothing.
Nothing can--
Lei Ling, I don't want
to hear that right now.
Shall I sing a song
instead?
I keep remembering
Sai Yuk reciting
those words to me.
What do you say?
Shall we?
What's your hurry?
I'll keep my end
of the bargain
as long as you keep yours.
[Soo Li] What do you
really want?
Me or what's in
your old box?
What?
You know I want the box.
[Soo Li]
Take it, then.
[Scoffs]
It's me.
Are you finished?
Hmm?
This way.
[Mandarin]
Halt! Stop them!
You all seem
to be in a rush.
Where do you think
you're going?
- To church.
- To eat.
Is that so?
You used deception on us.
You've fooled us
to get what you wanted.
Now...
I'll take back the box
that my daughter says
you stole from her.
Is that what she said?
Now, how can that be?
Why don't you
ask her again?
Enough of your fooling.
Charge them!
Hey, don't come near us.
Or I'll kill
the mandarin.
[gasps]
Where did that thing
come from, huh?
It's done now.
You will give me
the box.
Light it.
- Hey, Ma?
- Maybe he's bluffing.
- What's that?
- Is he wrong?
[Mother] Then we better
start running.
Okay, let's go.
Mum? Where is she?
Couldn't leave
without you.
[Soo Li] Stop.
Dad, if he dies,
then I die.
You mean you'd take
your own life?
I owe it to him.
He's my husband.
You slept with her?
- What more?
- Save it for some other time.
We're about to be shot.
Well, you decide.
You can't!
Sir, you will stop it now.
Mmm!
Ohh.
Go away...
and do not return.
I'll lead. Now.
Come on, hurry.
Thank you.
[Horse Neighs]
[Sai Yuk Shouting]
[Men Shouting]
All right.
Ting Ting, you take the box.
Hyah! Hyah!
Hyah! Hyah! Hyah!
Mum, I want you
to protect the box.
I will.
You know you can
count on me, son.
After the woman!
Hyah!
[Horse Neighs]
Ting Ting.
Don't get yourself caught.
I know.
Look out, Sai Yuk!
Go, Sai Yuk, go!
Hyah! Hyah!
[Crowd Chattering]
Ah, I knew it.
- There he is.
- Sure is.
That's right. I return
to you with the box.
It took longer
than I thought,
but I brought it.
You have succeeded.
What?
Huhh!
You want it?
Come and get it.
Or would you
rather see it burned?
Ah, you want me
to destroy it,
so no one
can learn the truth.
I must've been blind
not to see
such an ambitious man,
intent on overthrowing
our Red Flower Society.
That's what
you're doing.
Watch yourself.
Yun's dangerous.
So, you tricked me,
but I'm onto you.
I don't think
you have the box at all.
It's just a model,
a substitute, right?
You're right.
It's a model,
but the real box
is safe,
and it will
arrive soon.
Sai Yuk...
you mean...
that you don't have it?
No.
Do you know why?
Because they tried
to steal it from me.
Enough!
You said you
would bring it.
This means you will have
to disable yourself.
Sai Yuk,
you don't belong!
[Yun]
You lost the wager.
[Crowd Yells]
Let me talk.
[Yelling stops]
Do you have it?
That's impossible.
Are you going to...
Did you bring it?
I'll have it.
It's safe...
though I haven't brought
the box here.
Go on, do it.
You force me!
Hunh!
[Breathing Heavily]
Sai Yuk.
Heh.
He's defenceless now,
but if someone should
try to hurt him,
I'll come after you.
I'll kill you.
[Mother] No!
What did he do to you?
Oh, no!
- Let me at him.
- Wait! Stop and listen to me, will you?
Would you listen to me?
All his nerve endings are intact.
We can bring
his skill back.
- Do you mean it?
- Oh, yeah.
[Mother] Sai Yuk.
Sai Yuk.
Ma...
make sure he gets it.
Ah, so the box
showed up...
and Mr. Chan is really
the emperor.
Emperor?
But that means trouble.
I'll destroy it
as soon as possible.
- Hey.
- What?
Don't you dare destroy it.
This will come in handy.
[Woman] Li Dong,
open up. It's me.
I came to warn you all.
Yun and his men
are on the way.
That's it.
- Faster.
- All right. Now hurry.
- Let's get out of here.
- We have to be faster.
Unh.
Have Fong read it.
The book on nerve blocking.
Thank you.
They're here. Make sure he reads it all.
Better get moving now. Go!
- Come on!
- Over there!
[Man] Surround the house!
Company, halt! Come out!
Fong Sai Yuk,
your day has come.
He won't be needed!
[Laughing]
You know what?
This is your day to die!
I wouldn't be so sure
about it.
Go get him!
Not too bad, eh?
Wait until you see
my nerve blocking.
[Clucks]
Aah!
Here, why don't
you take him?
I'm going back.
Can you help him?
- Please.
- I'll try. Who are you?
We're getting married.
Please,
take care of him.
Where is he? Talk!
Go to hell.
Hey, are you all right?
Find him outside, men!
Go get him!
Aah!
Dong! Oh, my God!
Oh, my God.
[Groans]
No.
I must...
have been rusty.
It's been a while
between fights.
[Groans]
I should have...
ohh, I should have
stayed out of it.
[Groans]
But you were so brave.
You saved me.
Th-that would be
the first time
I've saved anyone
in a while.
[Groans] Oh, God.
Keep my
memory alive.
Please.
I promise.
I won't forget.
[Sobbing]
[Footsteps]
[Yun] I believe...
this is what
you've been looking for.
It tells me
a great deal about you...
the would-be emperor.
You are powerless
without your followers.
We have laid waste to them.
As I will to you!
Not yet.
Your fight with me is liable
to be your final fight.
Well, do you suppose
I'd come without my men?
Go ahead.
See what happens
to your men.
- No. I can't.
- [Men] Kill him!
Go ahead! What are you trying
to prove to us?
Once again,
the leader is now Yun.
You begin following me!
You have given me
no option.
I will not
allow men to die.
You have the advantage.
I will not permit
any more suffering.
So, now, our society
is at your disposal.
Brethren, once again
the Yun family rules.
It was all worthwhile.
Ha ha ha!
All hail
the master!
[All] Hail Master Yun!
Mr. Yun, sir,
what about the woman?
- Huh?
- There!
[Groans]
Ha ha ha!
Ah, yes,
you always reminded me
of a mother hen.
Except that you look after
a flock of only one.
Let's see now,
I have something for you,
mother hen! Ha ha ha!
[Man] Get her!
Ha ha! Get her!
You're nothing but
a meddling old woman!
Ha ha ha!
[Men Laughing]
We'll see how many days
you survive. Ha ha ha!
[gasps]
Mum!
[Sighs]
"The art of nerve blocking."
Here you are,
Sai Yuk.
Have you heard
from my mother?
But it's been a month.
That can't be.
Who's there?
I've come about
your godfather.
They're holding him
prisoner.
- And my mother?
- It's bad.
She's barely surviving.
They've hung her
in the square.
Ma! Unh!
Sai Yuk, you must rest.
You can rely on the
others to help her now.
No. The others
are mostly dead.
Those that have survived
are being held prisoner
with Mr. Chan.
Our army does not
exist anymore.
There is no one left
to fight them, Mr. Fong.
No one but you.
[Horse Neighs]
Your son is a coward!
He'll never show!
Unh!
[Gasping]
[Shouting]
[Man]
Look, there he is!
My mother,
where do you have her?
I will destroy anyone
who tries to stop me.
I will fight!
With the guidance
of the heavens.
He can't possibly see us!
Kill him!
Aah!
-Aah!
You must all beware.
My movements
are guided by heaven.
-Aah!
Yaah!
Aggh!
Come on, let's
get out of here!
[gasps]
Ha ha ha!
Free my mother.
It's me that you want.
[Yun] Yes, it is you
that I want.
I want to see you die!
But first I want
to watch you suffer.
Let her go then.
You can see that
I won't run from you.
That would make things too easy,
wouldn't it now?
All right, then. Unh!
[Grunts]
[Yun laughing]
[Creaking]
Ha ha ha! Aah!
Oh, no!
I can't wait to watch
your mother die...
and you with her!
Ha ha ha!
[Gags]
[Grunts]
[Yun] I think
she's slipping.
Oh, no!
[Laughing]
Stay where you are!
The society
has a poor leader!
So? Better get
used to it. Now!
Yaah! Ha ha ha!
Not another step!
Because I'll do it.
Sissy boy.
What's wrong?
Can't find a way
to save your own mother?
[Laughing]
Come on!
Fong Sai Yuk,
still weak, aren't you?
Ha ha ha!
Show me what's left of
your kung fu skills!
Ha ha ha!
Come on. You can get up
and show him.
- We'll beat him together.
- All right.
I'll kill you both!
- Do it now!
- Let's do it!
He'll wear himself out.
Aagh!
Come on!
Which one is
the fatal nerve?
On the spine!
Aah!
It's called the stone dragon,
and it works like this.
That's it! Good!
I guess I remembered!
Hyah!
All right!
Aah!
Mother!
Oh, well,
that wasn't so bad, was it?
[Both] Well, at least
you could thank us now.
Thanks.
What are you doing here?
- What's going on?
- Where are you going?
He shouldn't be sitting
up there like that.
Oh, he won't be
bothering anybody.
Well, thanks to us, right?
Let's go.
Hmm?
[Horses Neighing]
[Men Shouting]
The troops
are coming.
- Get them!
- Open it up!
[Men Cheering]
Sir!
It's our side.
Sai Yuk, why don't you
return with us?
I can't. I've got to be
going my own way.
Too bad. The society
will miss you.
[Mother]
Don't worry, Mr. Chan.
If you need his assistance
for anything,
you'll have it.
Thank you so much.
It looks like you'll have
your hands full as it is.
You said it.
I want to give you
something nice.
But I really want for you
to have my gift now.
- Now!
- But listen, Sai Yuk's grandfather
gave it to him when
he was just a boy.
He told me the same thing
about this very one.
How could the both
of us have--
I have so many
of these things.
I'd like you to take one.
Aah!
- You're very kind.
- Okay. How about you?
Would you like one?
I've got about a million of 'em.
We should try to
talk more often.
[Both] Sai Yuk!
Oh, my.
Well, see you later!
[Both]
Sai Yuk, slow down!
I guess I'll see you later.
Ha ha! Best of luck!
- [Sai Yuk] They're catching up.
- [Soo Li] What a cheap trinket!
How many other girls
did you give them to?!
[Ting Ting] I can't believe you gave us
the same present!
[Mother] Ladies, wait!
[Women shouting over each other]